[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome back to you
another University blog so today I have
got some essay work to be getting on
with
and I think I'm gonna go to Waterstones
to get it okay I'm now on my way to town
I'm heading toward and as I said I'm
feeling very springy even though it's
actually gray skies
[Music]
I'm hearing wood stains a jazz it feels
like basically every Friday night I I'm
gonna do unlike the doors down store
later on with my favorite books I've
been seeing I know it
so I got myself a mug of tea this is the
great fruity that they don't want to do
in town it was so delicious
[Music]
so the first thing I was doing here was
just writing out a plot summary of the
first doctor of the waves which I was
going to rewrite in style of Charles
Dickens for my assessment
the waves is pretty convoluted in terms
of plot it's much more driven with
observation and perception as opposed to
a straightforward content driven plant
[Music]
and then I just took some more notes as
to which character I was going to focus
on the case that was seven characters in
the waves each of which does partially
rate and so I needed to choose my
protagonist for the Dickens novel
[Music]
so next I moved on to reading the
Victorian novel cambridge companion
I decided to read this one front to back
to give me a great insight into the
Victorian novel say that I could write
in that style and as I was going through
I was just taking notes on my laptop
[Music]
my study session of states because my
laughter for another charge so I had to
stop because I needed my laptop so I'll
actually made you a little tour I
occasionally do all my Instagram but
I've never done one in me cheap and it's
basically I just go around to mentioning
my favorite books like books that it's
like book shopping with me okay so this
book Underland looks so good
[Music]
this is a really good serious I serve
him with this one I really want to read
this series believe it or not I never
read the dark material in series and I
read the first one actually but I didn't
read the last to you and I really liked
the first one so I really want to you go
back and read them I don't know which
Edition is to buy cuz they're so pretty
like that was the collected one which is
beautiful
whereas it was one I think I'm gonna go
for so these are the additions that I
was looking for they are so beautiful
and I love the metallic detailing on
them and I think if I do buy the series
it is gonna be these editions even
though so many of them are really pretty
like gets so hard to choose I will say
love for Myra's Oxford book every single
time I see this I shouldn't buy because
how much you read the series also pay it
they pay for in heart Society which is
by Lucy the reader here on YouTube you
should read it it's really good and look
it's got a little review from me in the
front which is crazy and every single
time I come in towards Stan's I can't
believe that that little review is that
I love the cover to this one
[Music]
oh my goodness it's bluish beautiful
work
[Music]
this is another one on my TV off it's
been on my TV office such a long time
and every single time I put it on you
can Instagram story or an idea book
shopping look new video
everyone's like who are you finally
gonna read it and I still haven't got it
well I'm tempted to just buy it today I
am a genie at this one
Oh actually I didn't if I will like this
I'm not a big fan of fantasy and this
does look like high fantasy
[Music]
this book is so so good it won the
Carnegie in 2015 and I remember
following the Carnegie and I really
wanted them into it and it did this book
by Mel Pete looks so good I very very
nearly bought this one I read back by
Mel Pete and I really liked it and
another obvious selling point is that
the cover is beautiful I also love these
editions of Daphne du Maurier's books
I've got this edition of Rebecca and I
was very tempted by Frenchman's Creek
because I haven't read that one yet this
book was from the middle grade section
and also looked pretty good and then I
found these beautiful editions of Narnia
they have got the original covers but
the spines are just so pretty
[Music]
I know I'm gonna love this and this is
the book I decided to get the twisted
tree by Rachel budge how those stains we
got my feet
well I'm really excited to read this as
I said I read the beginning of it in the
shop and it was so good say I've decided
a different book but I can't wait to
read this again I realized I literally
haven't updated you since I got back so
I have been working for like two hours
on this essay I've got my commentary
written up which is good well like
bullet pointed the first draft of that
which I did want to get done and I
didn't think I'd get them today's that's
great
and on Mondays at 5:15 I like to go live
on YouTube with a study with me saying
I'm gonna do that now so here as I said
I just did a live stream and after
introducing I continued reading through
the Victorian novel book which I started
earlier so more than anything
today's video was supposed to be a water
stains vlog I really hope that you
enjoyed that little coffee shop bookshop
study with me and I'll say the book
shopping that we did I've been pretty
much just walking the whole rest of the
afternoon because I have got this SH to
do and it's currently quarter past 9 and
I am going to be reading these two
essays on Dickens and Australia so this
is the first one which is 27 pages and
where's the second one second is just a
chapter in this book on Dickens and
Empire and when I've read these I will
finally go to sleep and I didn't get
everything done today that I wanted to
get done but that's okay and I've got
the whole of tomorrow to work on this
essay so I'm sure that'd be fine so
thank you so much for watching today's
video
I hope that you enjoyed it and I hope
that you have a productive week